Source: Ayla Networks

Category: Consumer Electronics

https://www.aylanetworks.com/iot-use-cases/consumer-electronics

- OVERVIEW
- HOME
- BUSINESS
- CONSUMER
- RETAILERS



Consumer Electronics

Consumer electronics is a key area in the Internet of Things (IoT) and continues to gain traction everyday. These IoT based smart-home gadgets are expected to take off. One in every five U.S. homes with broadband access will buy at least one smart-home device within a year, pushing sales of these devices from 20.7 million in 2014 to 35.9 by 2016, according to a survey released in October by the Consumer Electronics Association. Half of the surveyed buyers were under 35 years old.

For manufacturers, this opportunity represents tremendous revenue potential. However the challenge lies in the ability to get secure, scalable connected products into consumer’s hands, when for most manufacturers the connectivity aspect isn’t their core expertise.

This is where Ayla can help. Ayla’s Agile IoT Platform can help consumer electronics manufacturers get products to market quickly by leveraging a well proven, scalable and secure IoT platform.

Benefits For OEMs

The IoT is changing the game for consumer electronics manufacturers; enabling new revenue opportunities, providing new insights into consumer usage, and bringing true interoperabiliity with other connected consumer products. Leveraging proven technology, consumer electronics manufacturers can get products to market quickly that consumers will love.



Established, proven technology, speeds time to market for new connected products



Ability to introduce new services revenue opportunities



Flexibility to support multiple communication protocols to better suit manufacturers products



Data can provide new insights on consumer patterns and even on their health

Benefits For Consumers

The IoT is changing how consumers interact with consumer electronics; enabling greater convenience for a better experience, access to data that enables them to optimize their usage, and increasing control they have over their devices. With IoT, the world is at their finger tips.



Greater convenience in our everyday lives contributes to a better customer experience



Consumer data engages users to analyze and optimize their usage



Improved device efficiency and potential energy savings



Increased control and management of devices, from anywhere at anytime
